# I Made Epstein's Text Messages Great Again

* [I Made Epstein's Text Messages Great Again (And You Should Read Them)](https://cryptadamus.substack.com/p/i-made-epsteins-text-messages-great) post on [Substack](https://cryptadamus.substack.com/p/i-made-epsteins-text-messages-great)
* The Epstein text messages (and some of the emails along with summary counts of sent emails to/from Epstein) generated by this code can be viewed [here](https://michelcrypt4d4mus.github.io/epstein_text_messages/).
* All of His Emails can be read at another page also generated by this code [here](https://michelcrypt4d4mus.github.io/epstein_emails_house_oversight/).
* Word counts for the emails and text messages are [here](https://michelcrypt4d4mus.github.io/epstein_text_messages/epstein_emails_word_count.html).
* Configuration variables assigning specific `HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_XXXXXX.txt` file IDs (the `111111` part) as being emails to or from particular people based on various research and contributions can be found in the [constants.py](./epstein_files/util/constants.py) file in this repo.


### Usage
1. Requires you have a local copy of OCR text from the House Oversight document dump in a directory `/path/to/epstein/ocr_txt_files`. You can download them from [the Congressional Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ldncvdqIf6miiskDp_EDuGSDAaI_fJx8).
1. Dependencies are in [pyproject.toml](./pyproject.toml). Use `poetry install` for easiest time installing. `pip install .` may or may not work.

You need to set the `DOCS_DIR` environment variable with the path to the folder of files you just downloaded when running. You can either create a `.env` file modeled on [`.env.example`](./.env.example) (which will set it permanently) or you can run with:

```bash
DOCS_DIR=/path/to/epstein/ocr_txt_files ./generate.py
```

Run `./generate.py --help` for command line option assistance. Look in the [scripts](./scripts/) folder for various scripts.
The first time you run anything it will take a few minutes to fix all the data, attribute the redacted emails, etc. Once you've run things once you can run the `./generate.py --pickled` to load the cached fixed up data and things will be quick.

#### As A Library
```python
from epstein_files.epstein_files import EpsteinFiles
epstein_files = EpsteinFiles.get_files()

# All files
for document in epstein_files.all_documents():
    do_stuff()

# Emails
for email in epstein_files.emails:
    do_stuff()

# iMessage Logs
for imessage_log in epstein_files.imessage_logs:
    do_stuff()

# Other Files
for document in epstein_files.other_files:
    do_stuff()
```
